Update data-tests.md (#6495)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/data-tests.md

</File>

The name of this test is the name of the file: `assert_total_payment_amount_is_positive`. 

> Note, that you don't need to include semicolons (;) at the end of the SQL statement in your singular test files as it can cause your test to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, you won't need to include semicolons (;) at the end of the SQL statement in your singular test files as it can cause your test to fail.
```
